# Image-Upload-with-Cloudinary-Laravel
This is an image cloud API. Create a simple web page with an upload button. create free account in cloudinary site. Use ur client id and key in API code and Integrate this API with the web page. When you upload the image, the image will not be stored in your local folder but will be uploaded to cloudinary and will be saved in your cloudinary account. In return this API wil return the image path to be stored in DB.
PHP image upload Cloudinary provides an API for uploading images, videos, and any other kind of file to Cloudinary. Files uploaded to Cloudinary are stored safely in the cloud with optional secure backups and revision history. Cloudinary's APIs allow secure uploading from your servers, directly from your visitors' browsers or mobile applications, or fetched via remote public URLs. Cloudinary's PHP Library wraps Cloudinary's upload API and simplifies the integration. PHP methods are available for easily performing PHP image and video uploads to Cloudinary and PHP view helper methods are available for uploading directly from a browser to Cloudinary. This page covers common usage patterns for PHP image and video upload with Cloudinary. For details on all available upload options and parameters, see the Media upload documentation, and the upload method of the Upload API Reference

Cloudinary's Upload widget is an interactive, feature rich, simple-to-integrate user interface that enables you to add Cloudinary upload support to your website. The widget can be easily embedded in your web application with just a few lines of JavaScript code, eliminating the need to develop in-house interactive upload capabilities. See the Upload widget documentation for detailed information.

Reference-: https://cloudinary.com/documentation/php_image_and_video_upload
